fix(iam): members migration MTA-6076 (#5072)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/iam/reference-content/guests-to-members-migration.mdx

---
meta:
  title: IAM Guests to Members migration

>   description: Learn how to migrate IAM Guests to Members, including roles and API keys, with Scaleway's IAM introduction

Reviewer: We don't have "roles" as such - can we replace the word roles by permissions?

content:
  h1: IAM Guests to Members Migration

>   paragraph: This page guides you through the process of migrating IAM Guests to Members, covering key aspects such as roles and API keys, following the introduction of IAM on Scaleway

Reviewer 2: > following the introduction of IAM on Scaleway

Isn't this the "Scaleway's IAM introduction" like in the meta description?

Author: ```suggestion
  paragraph: This page guides you through the process of migrating IAM Guests to Members, covering key aspects such as roles and API keys
```

tags: iam migration
categories:
  - iam
  - console
---

This document explains how user management changes with the migration of IAM Guests to Members.

## IAM Users

A user (also known as an IAM user) is a human user in an Organization. Three types currently exist:

- **Owner**: You are the Owner of the [Organization](#organization) that was created with your account.

> - **Guest**: You are a Guest when invited to another Organization of which you are not the Owner.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add something like.
You are a Guest when invited to another Organization of which you are not the Owner. As a prerequisite, you  mustown your own Organization on the side

| Enforcement of MFA | It was not possible to enforce MFA if a Guest in your Organization had not enabled MFA in their account. Organization admins could send reminder emails, but had to wait for the Guest to enable MFA, or remove them from the Organization to complete the enforce process. | When MFA is enforced in the Organization, Members have a [grace period](iam/concepts/#grace-period) to enable MFA in their accounts. This period is set by the Organization admins and starts as soon as a new Member is added. If they fail to enable MFA within this period, their accounts are locked. |
| Password renewal | Guests were not required to renew their passwords to stay in an Organization. | As a security measure, Organization admins can require Members to renew their passwords within a grace period. If a password was attributed to Members upon their creation, they must renew this password after their first login. |

> | User management | Guest accounts and personal Organizations could not be managed by anyone other than them. Their permissions on Organizations they were invited to are the prerogative of Organization admins. | Member accounts are an 100% manageable resource - they can be created, updated, locked and deleted by Organization admins. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| User management | Guest accounts and personal Organizations could not be managed by anyone other than them. Their permissions on Organizations they were invited to are the prerogative of Organization admins. | Member accounts are a 100% manageable resource - they can be created, updated, locked and deleted by Organization admins. |
```

Very minor spelling mistake

> | Organizations | Guests were users who had their own personal Organizations and were invited into another. They had full management rights on their accounts and Organizations. If they were removed from an Organization, they would continue to have a Scaleway account. |   Members exist only within an Organization and can be present in solely said Organization. Members cannot own Organizations. They must [comply to the security requirements](/iam/how-to/comply-with-sec-requirements-member) set for the Organization to ensure their continuous access.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Organizations | Guests were users who had their own personal Organizations and were invited into another. They had full management rights on their accounts and Organizations. If they were removed from an Organization, they would continue to have a Scaleway account. |   Members exist only within an Organization and can be present in solely said Organization. Members cannot own Organizations. They must [comply with the security requirements](/iam/how-to/comply-with-sec-requirements-member) set for the Organization to ensure their continuous access.  |
```

Match the page's name

> | Organizations | Guests were users who had their own personal Organizations and were invited into another. They had full management rights on their accounts and Organizations. If they were removed from an Organization, they would continue to have a Scaleway account. |   Members exist only within an Organization and can be present in solely said Organization. Members cannot own Organizations. They must [comply to the security requirements](/iam/how-to/comply-with-sec-requirements-member) set for the Organization to ensure their continuous access.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Organizations | Guests were users who had their own personal Organizations and were invited into another. They had full management rights on their accounts and Organizations. If they were removed from an Organization, they would continue to have a Scaleway account. |   Members exist only within an Organization and they exist solely in that Organization. Members cannot own Organizations. They must [comply to the security requirements](/iam/how-to/comply-with-sec-requirements-member) set for the Organization to ensure their continuous access.  |
```

Proposal, the text was weird to me
